Wildlike-After conditions in her new home become unbearable, a teenage girl runs away and befriends an older man preparing for a hike through the Alaskan wilderness.
Temple Grandin bio-A biopic of Temple Grandin, an autistic woman who has become one of the top scientists in the humane livestock handling industry.
Everybody Wants Some-In 1980, a group of college baseball players navigate their way through the freedoms and responsibilities of unsupervised adulthood.
The Handmaiden-A woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress, but secretly she is involved in a plot to defraud her.
Author: the JT Leroy Story-The story behind literary persona JT LeRoy, the fictional writer created by American author Laura Albert.
The lovers and the despot-The story of the South Korean actor, Choi Eun hee, and her ex husband and film director, Shin Sang ok, who were individually kidnapped and reunited by dictator and film fan Kim Jong il to force them to develop North Korea's film industry.
4 lions-Four incompetent British jihadists set out to train for and commit an act of terror.
Swiss army man-A hopeless man stranded on a deserted island befriends a dead body and together they go on a surreal journey to get home.
The Russian Woodpecker-As his country is gripped by revolution and war, a Ukrainian victim of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster discovers a dark secret and must decide whether to risk his life and play his part in the revolution by revealing it.
Wild at Heart-Young lovers Sailor and Lula run from the variety of weirdos that Lula's mom has hired to kill Sailor.
A most violent year-In New York City 1981, an ambitious immigrant fights to protect his business and family during the most dangerous year in the city's history.
The Edge of 17-High school life gets even more unbearable for Nadine when her best friend, Krista, starts dating her older brother.
Nocturnal animals-A wealthy art gallery owner receives a draft of her ex husband's new novel, and once she starts reading it she just cannot put it down.
Chi Raq-A modern day adaptation of the ancient Greek play Lysistrata by Aristophanes, set against the backdrop of gang violence in Chicago.
Paterson-A quiet observation of the triumphs and defeats of daily life, along with the poetry evident in its smallest details.
20th century women-The story of a teenage boy, his mother, and two other women who help raise him among the love and freedom of Southern California of 1979.
Frank & Lola-A psychosexual noir love story, set in Las Vegas and Paris, about love, obsession, sex, betrayal, revenge and, ultimately, the search for redemption.
Cameraperson-Exposing her role behind the camera, Kirsten Johnson reaches into the vast trove of footage she has shot over decades around the world. What emerges is a visually bold memoir and a revelatory interrogation of the power of the camera.
The Truman show-An insurance salesman/adjuster discovers his entire life is actually a television show.
A History of Violence-A mild mannered man becomes a local hero through an act of violence, which sets off repercussions that will shake his family to its very core.
The Big Sick-A couple deals with their cultural differences as their relationship grows.
Mystic River-With a childhood tragedy that overshadowed their lives, three men are reunited by circumstance when one has a family tragedy.
Waiting for Guffman-An aspiring director and the marginally talented amateur cast of a hokey small town Missouri musical production go overboard when they learn that someone from Broadway will be in attendance.
Drop Dead Gorgeous- A small town beauty pageant turns deadly as it becomes clear that someone will go to any lengths to win.