1 Night (2016)-Past and present collide when two couples explore love over the course of one night at a hotel.
13 Going on 30 (2004)-A girl makes a wish on her thirteenth birthday, and wakes up the next day as a thirty year old woman.
Catfight (2016)-The rivalry between two former college friends comes to a head when they both attend the same glamorous event.
Catwoman (2004)-A shy woman, endowed with the speed, reflexes, and senses of a cat, walks a thin line between criminal and hero, even as a detective doggedly pursues her, fascinated by both of her personas.
Days of Grace (2011)-Mexico City. 2002, 2006, 2010. A cop. A hostage. A wife. Corruption, violence, vengeance. Three destinies, during 30 days, during three Soccer World Cups. Three ways to fight in order to survive.
Devil's Bride (2016)-Anna is a 16 year old in a village where women are accused of witchcraft. It's based on the witch hunts on Åland, Finland in the 1600s.
Full Metal Jacket (1987)-A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)-On the outskirts of Whoville, there lives a green, revenge seeking Grinch who plans on ruining the Christmas holiday for all of the citizens of the town.
Headshot (2016)-Uwais plays a young man who washes ashore, an amnesiac with a serious head injury whose past comes back to haunt him shortly after being nursed back to health by a young doctor. Violence ensues. Sweet, sweet violence.
Three (2016)-Realizing that he will be defeated in no time during a police showdown, a thug shoots himself to force the cops to cease fire and take him to the hospital. In the hospital, he claims human rights to refuse immediate treatment in order to bide time for his underlings to rescue him. The detective in charge sees through his scheme but decides to play along so as to capture his whole gang once and for all.
Tunnel (2016)-A man is on his way home when the poorly constructed tunnel he is driving through collapses, leaving him trapped.
War on Everyone (2016)-Two corrupt cops set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Events, however, are complicated by the arrival of someone who appears to be even more dangerous than they are.
Little Boxes (2016)-An interracial family struggles to adjust when they move from New York City to a small, predominately white town in Washington State.
My Left Foot (1989)-Christy Brown, born with cerebral palsy, learns to paint and write with his only controllable limb: his left foot.
Playing It Cool (2014)-Unrequited love motivates a guy to write about his experiences.
Rounders (1998)-A young man is a reformed gambler who must return to playing big stakes poker to help a friend pay off loan sharks, while balancing his relationship with his girlfriend and his commitments to law school.
The Ant Bully (2006)-After Lucas Nickle floods an ant colony with his watergun, he's magically shrunken down to insect size and sentenced to hard labor in the ruins.
The Bucket List (2007)-Two terminally ill men escape from a cancer ward and head off on a road trip with a wish list of to dos before they die.
The Queen (2006)-After the death of Princess Diana, Queen Elizabeth II struggles with her reaction to a sequence of events nobody could have predicted.
The Sixth Sense (1999)-A boy who communicates with spirits that don't know they're dead seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
Vice (2015)-Bruce Willis stars in this Sci Fi thriller about ultimate resort: VICE, where customers can play out their wildest fantasies with artificial inhabitants who look like humans.
Yarn (2016)-Every stitch tells a tale. International artists and knitters take a simple skein of yarn to create their extraordinary ideas and stories.
Young Frankenstein (1974)-An American grandson of the infamous scientist, struggling to prove that he is not as insane as people believe, is invited to Transylvania, where he discovers the process that reanimates a dead body.
Zodiac (2007)-In the late 1960s/early 1970s, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree.